Name:	Herman Åberg
Course: D0037D

Reflection:

	Task 1:
		The hard part was taking an input and putting it into an int array. If I redid this task now I would do it differently,
		but I'll leave it like it is now.

	Task 2:
		This one was quite interesting while not being hard. When I knew how to get the information I wanted it was quite easy.

	Task 3:
		I'm sure there is a better way of solving this one than what I did, but I'm really happy with how I solved it. Because I
		have a 2D array with a predetermined size I needed a way to add a "border" to know when to stop printing out the values
		of the array. I did this by setting the value of the element at X + 1 and Y + 1 to -1 because the number to be printed
		out are between 0 and 9, so they should not be -1.

	Task 4:
		I quite overthinked this one and could reduce the amount of if statements by a lot. It works and I'm too lazy to change
		it now.

	Task 5:
		Really happy with how i solved this one. The thing that needed to be solved with this one was figuring out how to make
		it work with uneven arrays.

	Task 6:
		I think I might've made this one not as simple as intended. I didn't make use of switch and case. Instead I used a
		lookuptable with function pointers and the commands. For some reason I didn't notice that the example meny used numbers
		to call commands instead of writing them out in text. When I noticed I was almost done anyways so it didn't really
		matter.

	Task 7:
		Wasn't really sure about what exactly I was supposed to do in step 1. I did figure it out after reading the instructions
		again. Step 2 was quite easy.


Other notes:
	
	10 - 14h might be a good estimate on how much time I spent with this one. I did do some parts of it while having migraine or not
	having slept for a day (thanks to migraine not letting me fall asleep) so I don't really remember how much time I spent like
	that.

	I did learn a lot about arrays in c++. I hadn't used them much before, or I had forgotten about them. A lot of what I learned
	was mainly syntax stuff. One of the things I learned that I found really intersting (but didn't really use that much) was about
	function pointers.

	Not having any tasks that require you to redo another one in a different way made this lab more interesting than lab 1. Or
	atleast not as tedious. Also combining all tasks in Task 7 was a fun little bonus.
